fix(*) passthrough on a Mesh update (#293)
kumahq/kuma-website: docs/docs/0.7.2/policies/mesh.md

```
:::
::::

### Controlling the passthrough mode

> The passtrhough mode is enabled by default on all the dataplanes in transparent proxy mode in a Mesh. This behavior can be changed by setting the `networking.outbound.passtrhough` in the Mesh resource. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The passthrough mode is enabled by default on all the dataplanes in transparent proxy mode in a Mesh. This behavior can be changed by setting the `networking.outbound.passthrough` in the Mesh resource. Example:
```

:::: tabs :options="{ useUrlFragment: false }"
::: tab "Kubernetes"
```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: Mesh
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  networking:
    outbound:
      passthrough: false
```
:::
::: tab "Universal"
```yaml
type: Mesh
name: default
networking:
  outbound:
    passthrough: false
```
:::
::::

> When `networking.outbound.passtrhough` is `false`, no traffic to any non-meh resource can leave the Mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `networking.outbound.passthrough` is `false`, no traffic to any non-mesh resource can leave the Mesh.
```
